## Contributing

## Code

- **The Main-class:** The Main-class of ServerPackCreator only passes the arguments from execution to the Handler-class.

- **Config file:** If you want to contribute to SPC, please make sure you do not change the `serverpackcreator.conf`-file. Ideally, any version of SPC will work with any config file, as they all have the same content. Chaning what's inside the `serverpackcreator.conf`-file would make versions incompatible to each other, but I want users to be able to simply download the newest version **without** having to migrate their config file or even worrying about such a thing.
Therefor, I ask that you do not touch the `serverpackcreator.conf`-file.
  
- **Variable names:** Please keep variable names verbose i.e. `thisStoresSomething` or `checkForStuff` or some such. Variables like `a` and `tmpA` make code harder to read. We're not aiming for best performance or whatever, so we can have longer variable names if we want to.

- **Files:** If your changes introduce additional files to the ecosystem of ServerPackCreator, please define them in `Reference.java`. I reserve the right to reject PRs which introduce additional files to ServerPackCreator, depending on what they are for.

- **Visibility:** Because the files generated by this program are supposed to be distributed to multiple people, I try to keep methods and classes as closed-off as possible. It's not much, but it's something. Therefor, unless your method or class *absolutely* must be public, keep it package private or make it private completely. I reserve the right to refactor any such classes or methods.  

## Commits

If you want to contribute to SPC, please make sure your commits follow the conventional commit layout and use the types/categories/flags described here: [actions/auto-changelog](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/auto-changelog)

For completeness' sake:

```
type(category): description [flag]
```

The `type` must be one of the followings:

* `breaking` (Breaking Changes)
* `build` (Build System / Dependencies)
* `ci` (Continuous Integration)
* `chore` (Chores)
* `docs` (Documentation Changes)
* `feat` (New Features)
* `fix` (Bug Fixes)
* `other` (Other Changes)
* `perf` (Performance Improvements)
* `refactor` (Refactors)
* `revert` (Reverts)
* `style` (Code Style Changes)
* `test` (Tests)

> If the `type` is not found in the list, it'll be considered as `other`.

The `category` is optional and can be anything of your choice.

The `flag` is optional (if provided, it must be surrounded in square brackets) and can be one of the followings:

* `ignore` (Omits the commit from the changelog)

> If `flag` is not found in the list, it'll be ignored.
> 

## Contributions

* I reserve the right to reject any and all PRs without stating why. It may be due to a variety of reasons. Maybe I want to implement a feature myself, maybe I am already working on implementing the changes you are proposing, maybe I don't want the change you are proposing. I will most probably tell you why I rejected your PR, if I rejected it, but I reserve the right to just say "No.". This project is mainly meant as a training ground for me and Java, and it wouldn't do me any good if others do all the work for me. :D I hope you understand where I am coming from with this.
